1. 	Making coffee

1. Gather mug
2. Gather empty coffee pot
3. Plug in coffee maker
4. Allow water to heat up
5. Gather coffee grounds and filter
6. Scoop desired amount of coffee grounds in filter
7. place filter in coffee maker basket
8. Place empty coffee pot underneath brewing area
9. Press "Start"
10. Wait until coffee is done brewing
11. Pour coffee into mug
12. Enjoy

	Washing dishes
1. Turn on water to warm
2. Grab dishes one by one
3. Rinse dishes one by one making sure to rinse most residue off
4. turn off water
5. Sort dishes so that shape goes with shape
6. Aquire sponge
7. Aquire soap
8. Squeeze soap onto sponge
9. Grab dishes one at a time
10. Scrub dishes
11. Place scrubbed dishes aside in previously organize stacks
12. Wash sponge of all soap
13. Put away sponge
14. Turn water on to cold
15. Take dishes one by one
16. Rinse dishes until soap is all gone
17. Place clean but wet dishes onto dish rack until sink is emptied
18. Rinse sink with warm water
19. Turn off water

	Scramble eggs
1. Aquire eggs
2. Aquire measuring cup
3. Aquire spatula
4. Aquire fork
5. Aquire pan
6. Aquire plate
7. Place pan on stovetop
8. Heat pan on medium heat
9. Crack desired amount of eggs into measuring cup
10. Take fork and start whisking eggs until yolk and whites are combined
11. Our egg mixture into pan
12. Set measuring cup and fork in sink
13. Take spatula and gradually stir/fold eggs slowly, approx. every 5 seconds to start out with
14. After eggs start cooking a bit faster, stir/fold eggs every 2 seconds
15. Once eggs are cooked and at desired scrambled level, turn off stove
16. Grab plate and set aside
17. Lift pan and scoop eggs onto plate using spatula
18. Place pan and spatula in sink

2. Google Maps is revolutionary and has changed the way we see navigation. It is the mostt popular navigation app by a wide margin (67%). It has features like, satellite and street view. You can see exact coordinates, plan trips with multiple stops, and a bunch of various/endless features that are useful. 

Youtube has a recommended video algorithm. Whenever you watch a few videos of a similar topic, Youtube recognizes it and starts pushing/recommending videos of that topic on your front page. Youtube tends to group interested topics together. 

Facebook has an algorithm for their timeline. They have algorithms for their ads that show on your timeline (which is kind of creepy) and there's an algorithm that knows which status' and posts for you to see on your timeline. It takes into account who you talk to and interact with the most and it also knows what you've been searching (sometimes thinking) which is why they can push an ad on your feed even if you've only mentioned it once in person. 

3. To me, an efficient algorithm is one that that predicts what the user wants. An efficient algorithm kind of has to be one step ahead of the user, knowing what they already will do/think. Therefore, it'll give the user what they want. An inefficient algorithm is something that kind of annoys the user than helps the user. It doesn't give the user what they want/it's hard to give the user what they want. 
